search product strategy pages updates (#2361)
sourcegraph/handbook: content/strategy-goals/strategy/code-graph/search/index.md

## Mission

The Search team's mission is to enable developers to find the code they need when they need it, and then act on it.

In the near term, we want to make sure our customers are aware of and using our differentiated code search features. For example, Sourcegraph Cloud enables federated search over several code hosts beyond GitHub and GitLab, with relevant results. We envision that Search will power [unified](../index.md#deliver-a-unified-experience) use cases of Sourcegraph, at any scale and across the entire OSS universe.

## Competitive landscape

> The biggest threat to our dominance as the leader in open-source, free, and commercially available code search is the advnet of GitHub Code search, currently widely available in technology preview. Last quarter we stated:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The biggest threat to our dominance as the leader in open-source, free, and commercially available code search is the advent of GitHub Code search, currently widely available in technology preview. Last quarter we stated:
```

> > It’s very likely they only need to release “good enough” code search to deal Sourcegraph’s search product a serious blow. While we believe our solution will remain far superior to whatever GitHub releases, there is a real risk that the switching costs of using Sourcegraph will be too high for users to switch, if GitHub’s search improves significantly.

Reviewer: Maybe add something like this:

```suggestion
> It’s very likely they only need to release “good enough” code search to deal Sourcegraph’s search product a serious blow. While we believe our solution will remain far superior to whatever GitHub releases, there is a real risk that the switching costs of trying Sourcegraph will be too high if GitHub’s search improves significantly and we don't ensure it's as easy as possible.
```

Reviewer: Maybe this section could also be rewritten to be about us providing clear value for money, instead of being about switching costs.

> > It’s very likely they only need to release “good enough” code search to deal Sourcegraph’s search product a serious blow. While we believe our solution will remain far superior to whatever GitHub releases, there is a real risk that the switching costs of using Sourcegraph will be too high for users to switch, if GitHub’s search improves significantly.

Reviewer 2: Quick question here @benvenker @jyavorska , since I'm planning to add a code insights competitive section after our GA – do we want to be this explicit and blunt publicly in our competitive analysis? 

Are we worried at all that customers (or even GH folks) would see this and take actions that they wouldn't otherwise? (E.g., does this undermine our competitive messaging elsewhere if GH or prospects can just say "look, you say it yourself, you think GH could be good enough").

If we were to be less blunt, we could adopt at least a less pessimistic tone, and just note "It's possible" rather than "It's very likely"? That said, no expert and curious to hear your thoughts! (No urgency/not blocking either – feel free to close this PR and we can discuss this at some later time)

Reviewer: I think we can be transparent even when it's hard (https://handbook.sourcegraph.com/company-info-and-process/values#open-and-transparent) but I agree that we can be more positive about how we plan to compete. I think we have real reason to be positive, and I'm also not sure switching costs is the key to the strategy. I left some similar comments above, but would agree we can work together to improve this section to be about how we are going to win even in a competitive environment (not based on delusion, but based on our real strengths).

Reviewer 3: Idea: phrase this as "Sourcegraph has superior capabilities (<link to feature comparison>), but GitHub has a very powerful distribution channel so we need to evangelize Sourcegraph widely to make the value of great code search known."

Author: pushing some changes to these effects shortly

> While we still maintain a strong reputation with our customers and the market, GitHub's code search is in fact "good enough" for many users and will continue to be. We retain our competitive advantage in the SMB and Enterprise markets, where we serve users with thousands of repos or more, on multiple code hosts, and even non-git VCSs. Our Cloud offering continues to see significant usage as well.

Reviewer: Is GitHub actually good enough for serious use cases? I'd contend it's not, and list those reasons here.

> As the scope of the Search teams continues to expand, we face competition in new areas. Some examples are onboarding new developers and enabling responses to codebase changes. There are both new entrants (Swimm) and incumbents (Zapier, IFTTT) in those spaces, but we believe continuing to build out our core platform positions us to deliver differentiated solutions by leveraging the distinct advantages of our code graph, such as its [unified experience](../index.md#deliver-a-unified-experience): [Notebooks](https://sourcegraph.com/search/notebook) as onboarding documentation can be created from code searches, browsed alongside the user’s code, and searched alongside the user’s code. [Code monitors](https://sourcegraph.com/code-monitoring) can eventually integrate with Batch changes and Code insights, to allow users to directly change the pattern they’re monitoring from Sourcegraph, and visualize instances of this pattern in their codebase over time.

Reviewer: What's the main thing you're wanting readers to take away from this paragraph?
